This folder contains the experimental evaluation results of DataLossDetector.

The **DLD-analysis** folder contains the results obtained by executing *DLD* on the apps used for its evaluation study. More specifically, every app is represented by a folder containing its **apk file** and 4 additional folders: **appname_0**, **appname_1**, **appname_2**, each of which represents a single execution of *DLD* on the that app, and **dataloss_merge**, which represents the merged results of the three executions. The folders representing the single executions contain 3 more folders: **analysis**, which contains the results of the analysis reporting the Data Loss failures found and divided into *false positives* and *true positives*, **dataloss_benchmark**, which contains the Data Loss failures already known and **events**, which contains the json files useful for replaying the entire event sequence. Finally, the merged folder contains 3 additional folders: **dataloss_benchmark**, **false_positives** and **true_positives**. All the Data Loss failures, except the ones inside the **dataloss_benchmark** folder, are divided by activity from which they were detected during the execution of *DLD*.

The **Alaric-analysis** folder contains the results obtained by executing *Alaric* on the apps used for the comparison between *Alaric* and *DLD*. Every app is represented by a folder, which contains 4 additional folders: **1**, **2**, **3**, which represent the single executions and **dataloss_merge**, which contains the merged results of the three executions. Each of them contains further 3 folders: **benchmark**, which represents the Data Loss failures already known, **false_positives**, which contains the Data Loss failures classified as *false positive* found and **true_positive**, which contains the real Data Loss failures found. The Data Loss failures in the **false_positives** and **true_positives** folders are divided by activity from which they were detected.

The **Quantum-analysis** folder contains the results obtained by executing *DLD* on 4 applications that were also used by the *Quantum* authors to evaluate their tool. For each application there are two folders: **analysis**, which contains the different Data Loss failures found while executing *DLD* on the app, and **events**, which contains the json files useful for replaying the entire event sequence. More in detail, the **analysis** folder reports the Data Loss failures ordered by activity, both for the false positives and the true positives.
